usecase of the command bin/magento dev:source-theme:deploy (#8751)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.3/config-guide/cli/config-cli-subcommands-less-sass.md

```bash
bin/magento dev:source-theme:deploy --locale="en_US" --area="adminhtml" --theme="Magento/backend" css/styles css/styles-old
```

> ## Common issue faced by Developer when working

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Common issues faced by developers when working
```

> In the development stage, when you are working with css, Js, knockout js and knockout template, the developer faces below issues

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the development stage, when you are working with CSS, JS, Knockout JS and Knockout template, the developer may face the following issues:
```

> -  The changes in css , knockout js and knockout templates are not affecting on frontend when page load.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  The changes in CSS , Knockout JS and Knockout templates are not reflected on frontend when page loads.
```

> -  The developer has to delete the pub static folder or run static content deploy command every time when changes in js and knockout template file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  The developer has to delete the `pub/static` folder or run static content deploy command every time when there are changes in JS and Knockout template files.
```

> If you are facing this kind of issue in development then create symlinks

Reviewer: This is not a very helpful statement. Please expand on how this should be done specifically when the above issues are encountered.
